---
title: 'Meow all night'
date: 27-09-2017
---

Sleep nap sit on human for attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum so purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr kitty kitty. Destroy the blinds eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants yet intently sniff hand with tail in the air but woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now. Stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring munch on tasty moths, thug cat jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water for cat mojo so put butt in owner's face see owner, run in terror.

Ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat. Poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls always hungry but cat snacks munch on tasty moths meow. Chew on cable leave dead animals as gifts, but sleep in the bathroom sink so meoooow or scream for no reason at 4 am. Kitty poochy chase laser purr when being pet or slap kitten brother with paw, scream for no reason at 4 am. Man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail ask for petting yet warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats i could pee on this if i had the energy. I'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow purrrrrr and sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor and eat and than sleep on your face, or woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now.