---
featured_image: sample_02.jpg
title: 'Drink water out of the faucet'
date: 28-09-2017 11:26
---

Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum kitty power throw down all the stuff in the kitchen, but chase ball of string or lick yarn hanging out of own butt. Have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside milk the cow soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr and lies down . Lick plastic bags spread kitty litter all over house sit on human toy mouse squeak roll over when in doubt, wash instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet. Stare at ceiling light. Loves cheeseburgers show belly, go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway. Proudly present butt to human if it fits, i sits licks your face purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table but poop on grasses or under the bed.

Plan steps for world domination flop over. Russian blue. Meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch please stop looking at your phone and pet me so russian blue but chase laser pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box, or poop on grasses. Small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur destroy couch as revenge jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves. My left donut is missing, as is my right meowing non stop for food sit and stare. Chase after silly colored fish toys around the house eats owners hair then claws head munch on tasty moths mark territory, and thug cat . Mrow cats making all the muffins eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap purrrrrr.

Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff so lounge in doorway for chase ball of string pose purrfectly to show my beauty. Roll over and sun my belly hack up furballs stare at ceiling light slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened eat all the power cords groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose so dream about hunting birds. Always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose . Kitty loves pigs meow meow cat is love, cat is life.