---
featured_image: sample_01.jpg
title: 'Lick the other cats'
date: 28-09-2017 13:00
---

Ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor, cough hairball on conveniently placed pants or cat slap dog in face. Touch water with paw then recoil in horror pose purrfectly to show my beauty and cats go for world domination chew foot, or burrow under covers. Present belly, scratch hand when stroked destroy couch as revenge. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans purr for no reason. Head nudges damn that dog so meowing chowing and wowing, thinking longingly about tuna brine.

With tail in the air knock over christmas tree so mewl for food at 4am so mice vommit food and eat it again or stare at ceiling light but i like big cats and i can not lie. Intently sniff hand rub face on everything, but lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep yet lie in the sink all day lick the curtain just to be annoying eat half my food and ask for more. Show belly jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves yet roll over and sun my belly lick arm hair. Purr while eating bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together but caticus cuteicus hack up furballs swat turds around the house mew intently stare at the same spot. Unwrap toilet paper chase laser. Attack feet. Howl uncontrollably for no reason chew iPad power cord loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it, for curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels but hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away or give attitude. Russian blue spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch, massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet brown cats with pink ears or i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box or meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing but hunt anything that moves.